Imagine you're going to take part in a kaggle competition
where you'll predict the median value of a home in Boston,
Massachusetts using a provided dataset.
To better understand this competition,
let's take a closer look at the data.
Here's some of the data that shows the average number of
rooms in the house and that house's median value.
It makes sense that the more rooms a house has,
the more it will be worth,
but there's some variance in the trend due to other factors.
For this competition, we use data to train a model and predict
the median value of a house given the number of rooms and other features of the house.
Besides your competition submission,
your ultimate goal is to deploy your train model to
smart phone application that you've developed.
This application will allow users to discover what
Boston houses are worth based upon the houses features.
How might you approach this challenge?
Well, a common approach is to use the machine learning workflow.
We'll discuss this workflow and how to use next.